# C-FileManipulation-
This project opens a file and manipulates it to return the item name with how may time it appears on the list with numbers and with the char *. It also saves a back up of the file in a different formate. What this project did was teach us how to handle a different type of file and be able to manupulate it within c++. Even though the data set wasn't large it did show us how much faster we can do things by automating them in c++. If we were trying to count each time an item appear in a list it would take for ever but writign a script to do that for us took a second to get all the answers we need. The easiest thing for me in this project was creating the scripts to open and write a file. The most challenging thing for me in this project was using map's to allow the user to seach for one item within the list. I ended up figuring this out by doing extensive reacher on how maping works and how to use it to search within a list. Lot of digging for only a little bit of code. We could make the code better insead of using the list that was given to us we could as the user for a file. We could do this with string manipulation and concatenation. This would allow the script to work with any file. The skills here transfer to any project really where we want to take data from one file type and mix it up a little bit and return it to a different formate. For code we made it easy to maintain / adaptable by created it in a class and within functions. It is readable do to all the comments explaining how each part of the program works. Overal I had a lot of fun with this project and it taught me a lot about maping and files. 
